{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh10940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Introduction
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Thanks for choosing iOptic. This is our Privacy Policy.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 All the information we collect is related to providing the iOptic service and its features.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \uc0\u8239 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Information we collect
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 We may collect and store the following information\'97\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Registration data
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 When you sign up for the Service, we may ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country. If you connect to the Service using credentials from a Third Party Application (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use) (e.g., Facebook), you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials. We may also collect other information available on or through your Third Party Application account, including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends\'92 names and profile pictures, and networks. You may also choose to voluntarily add other information to your profile.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Your mobile device
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 From your mobile device, we may collect device information, Usage Data, Storage Data for providing\'a0iOptic\'a0features and services and improvements to existing features which may include use of third party services like Crashlytics and Firebase Analytics. We may collect email address, first name, last name, password, phone number, profile picture, social media accounts and username\uc0\u8239 for Registration and authentication purposes using Firebase Authentication.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 How we use the information we collect
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Your name will\uc0\u8239 be used to address you\u8239  while you use app\'92s services and features and your email address will be used to authenticate you when you login\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Also, to provide, personalize, and improve your experience with the Service and products, to ensure technical functionality of the Service, develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Service, including your interaction with applications, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Service, to communicate with you for Service-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, text messages, or other messages, which you agree to receive; as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Sharing information
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 we will not share your email and name with anyone. As part of the application features and services, we will share your prescription data with your explicit permission to other app users.\uc0\u8239 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Your preferences
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 You may choose use the product and services without logging in, there by not creating an account with iOptic.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Accessing and updating user information
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Change of name and email address is allowed\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Changes to the Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements. When we make material changes to the Agreements, we\'92ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Service or by sending you an email. In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Service under the new version of the Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by contacting us through\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:technewron@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 technewron@gmail.com}}
\f2\fs24 \
}