{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh10940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Terms of Usage and Conditions\'a0
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the\'a0Ioptic\'a0app\'a0\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Your access to use of the service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these terms. These terms may apply to all visitors, users and other who access or use our app. By accessing or using our app you agrees to bound by the below terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the service or app. Terms like "you" means app user and terms like "we", "our', "us", "ioptic", "ioptic app", "ioptic app developers" means the owners of the application and services.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Restrictions
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Retention of Rights of Ownership/Ban on Infringement
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 You agree that the\'a0ioptic\'a0app service, including but not limited to ioptic app products, contents, logo, scripts, other visual media and software used to implement the\'a0Ioptic\'a0app service \uc0\u8239 is our property and is protected by copyright laws and contains proprietary information and material owned by ioptic app developers.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Abuse
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 You agree that you will not use such proprietary information or materials in any way whatsoever except for use of the\'a0Ioptic\'a0service in compliance with this agreement. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the\'a0Ioptic\'a0app service, reverse engineer in any manner except permitted by applicable law, and you shall not exploit Ioptic app service in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including, but not limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Retention of the Right to Change the App at Any Time
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Ioptic app developers reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, limit, or discontinue any aspect, content, or feature of the app, as well anything pertaining to the use of \uc0\u8239 app.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Termination
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Ioptic app developers reserve the right that users\'92 accounts on \uc0\u8239 our mobile app \u8239 can be terminated in case of abuses or at our sole discretion. We may terminate or suspend access to our service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \uc0\u8239 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Network Access and Devices
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 You are responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use the Services. Your mobile network's data and messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the Services from your device. You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to access and use the Services and Applications and any updates thereto.\'a0Ioptic\'a0does not guarantee that the Services, or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices. In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Ioptic app developers are not responsible in whatever means for loss of your information on your device.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \uc0\u8239 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 User Accounts
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Please respect ioptic, the owners of the Content, and other users of the ioptic app. Don\'92t engage in any activity, post any User Content, or register and/or use a username, which is or includes material that:\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 is offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or obscene;\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 is illegal, or intended to promote or commit an illegal act of any kind, including but not limited to violations of intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or proprietary rights of\'a0ioptic\'a0or a third party;\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 includes your password or purposely includes any other user\'92s password or purposely includes personal data of third parties or is intended to solicit such personal data;\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 includes malicious content such as malware, Trojan horses, or viruses, or otherwise interferes with any user\'92s access to the Service;\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 is intended to or does harass or bully other users;\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with another user, person, or entity, or is otherwise fraudulent, false, deceptive, or misleading;\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account, and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Account username and password at all times.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
}